README.md, before:

# Projects
This is a collection of the various projects and similar such things I have made throughout school and on my own time.
The wireframe and shading programs are individual iterations of a project to recreate 3d graphics from scratch using math.
The Connect 4 programs were created because I wanted to play with minimaxxing and alpha-beta pruning, I then threw a visual component on top.
TicTacToe was created out of a truly idiotic conversation where I and some coworkers theorized that you could make anything
given enough if statements. I wanted to see how far you could push that idea while still making something 'useful', so it works
using an appoximation of that idea.
The chaos game is just something I wrote while in my first year at college that I particulary enjoyed making.

Notes on how to run the programs with requirements:

Connect4Window uses an instance of Connect4AIAgent and the pygame library to run, both are require to play a game against the Agent. Running 
Connect4Window on the command line will start a game.

Gameboard allows for custom boards to be generated and played with a specified number of players, but it is not intended to work with the agent.
It will not run as a python script. This is a class intended to be implemented into other code.

TicTacToeGame works by loading the provided move dictionary text file, so both are required to run it. The dictionary can be edited to edit the behavior.

Commit message:

README update with new files

README.md, after:

## Projects

This is a collection of the various projects and other small things I have made throughout school and on my own time. Where more than just running a file directly is required, instructions will be provided

# Graphics
These programs come from a class I took on building 3D graphics from scratch in college. They are entirely seperate programs and can be run individually to see the various stages of creation as the project progressed. While I am not entirely happy with how they turned out and could certainly make them so much cleaner and faster knowing what I do now, I thought it was worth archiving as they were part of the most involved and interesting project I undertook at school.

In order of development: Wireframe, InPlaceManipulation, PolygonShading, ShadingModels

# Connect 4
The Connect 4 programs were created because I wanted to play with minimaxxing and alpha-beta pruning, and was then prompted to see what I could do to throw a visual component on top. I might come back to this with an attempt to make an agent using AI sometime in the future seeing as I've started to get a better understanding of them.

Put Connect4AIAgent, Connect4Window, and Gameboard in the same directory and run Connect4Window to see the project as it was originally presented. All it does it put together a specific kind of Gameboard instance and setup the minimaxxing algorithm and display it. You will need pygame installed for this. If you want to use the Gameboard class for another game, you will have to create an instance of it for yourself in your code as it will not run on its own.

# TicTacToe

This program came out of a truly idiotic conversation where I and some coworkers were dicussing the idea that you could make anything if you just wrote enough if statements. Naturally, I wanted to see how far you could push that idea while still making something 'useful' and thus was this stupid thing created. The idea is that it pulls a list of possible boardstates (which I created manually) and the best possible move to make if it appears (which I also did manually) from a text file. It then stores that data and references it when needed instead of running fancy algoithms or any of that other smart nonsense. Not quite the if statement glory it could have been, but the idea is there.

You will need both files in the same folder, or to change the filepath if you run TicTacToe as is. Alternatively, you can implement the class and give it your own dictionary in the format of the original txt file.

# Game of Life

When I first started programming I was told to try and make Conway's Game of Life as it's simple to understand and, in theory, implement. Unfortunately for me, I was not good enough yet to really understand how to do much of what I do now and thus failed miserably. I recently started going through some old projects of mine and remembered my last attempt at this. What you see is the result of 2 days of thoroughly dunking on my past self for his lack of skill.

Put both files in the same folder and run GameOfLifeVisual to run this.

# The Chaos Game

I mostly uploaded this just because it was the first project I did at college and it looks cool. No real other reason. Just enjoyed making it and thought to archive it.
